# Understanding the API client library through JUnit tests

To get a good idea of how to use the API client, let's look at the JUnit test. Open the api project and then the client subproject, and then navigate to src/test directory and find ConceptsApiTest.java. This is its path:

`tkbio/api/client/src/test/java/bio/knowledge/client/api/ConceptsApiTest.java`

On line 38 we have `private final static ConceptsApi api = new ConceptsApi();`. This api object has methods that we can use to query the server. Just below the instantiation of this object you will see a static code block that sets the base path to `localhost:8080/api/`. This is needed if you're going to be querying a server that is running on your local machine. If, on the other hand, you wish to query the server running at knowledge.bio/api/ then set `RUNNING_CLIENT_LOCALLY` to `false`.

Of course if the server is not actually running then we will get an error when we try to run these JUnit tests. At this time the server at knowledge.bio/api/ is not set up, so we will have to run it locally. You can do this by running `Swagger2SpringBoot.java`, which is in the `bio.knowledge.server` package. Once the local server has started (this should only take a few seconds), we can go back to our JUnit tests and execute them. Otherwise, if the remote server is running, simply set `RUNNING_CLIENT_LOCALLY` to `false` and then run the JUnit tests.

## A word on building the client

Build the client library the same way you would anything else by simply running gradle in Eclipse. I have not followed any of the recomendations in the autogenerated README.md file.
